the more the movie tries to sit on this
this racial question, something winds up
spurting out anyway. Right. It tries to
avoid the racial question. I'm Wesley
Morris and this is Cannonball. Today,
Zendaya in The Drama, yet another movie
with a black woman in a thing with a
white man where nobody wants to talk
about the thing or the thing.
I love Zendaya. I love her. She is
extremely charismatic. She is just fun
to watch. She has a great laugh.
>> [clears throat]
[laughter]
>> She can be extremely dramatic when
necessary. I'm not doing well. There's
something about her eyes when they go
dark. There's something about her eyes
when they go bright. There is a soul in
this person and I think that her
potential is off the charts. Euphoria is
back right now.
Have you ever been to Mexico?
Me?
In Mexico? I am excited that that show
has returned for its last season because
she's given one of the best performances
I've ever seen on TV.
We all answer to God.
But the movies
have not responded to how good she is on
that show with material that is worthy
of her. Challengers, Malcolm and Marie.
She's got a bunch of films coming out in
2026.
There is another Dune movie, another
Spider-Man movie. She's going to be in
Christopher Nolan's Odyssey and right
now The Drama, an almost good use of
Zendaya. The premise here is that two
people are getting married and one night
I'll tell mine if we all do it. Promise?
People start talking about the worst
thing they did.
And she says what hers is. Okay, I um
Everybody freaks out about what it is.
Um I'm I'm so- I'm sorry. I I'm going to
order manure. Emma, what the [__] The
movie goes from being this
you know, kind of interesting movie
about two people getting ready to spend
the rest of their lives with each other
to Robert Pattinson's character. He's
her fiancé freaking out about what she's
divulged. So, you are thinking [music]
about it now. How the [__] is that not
I'm thinking about it now. Not a great
use of Zendaya. I think part of the
thing that like limits what she can do
in The Drama is it is fundamentally
afraid of the thing it's really about,
which is a black woman marrying a white
man. You know, this freakout to me feels
very racialized. He's marrying a black
woman who has
expressed some violent thoughts and he
can't handle them.
Just that's some drama. And in his
freaking out, this leaves her on the
sidelines trying to convince him that
what she did was in the past, she didn't
really do it and he should calm down a
little bit. This movie could have been
an opportunity to really talk about
what psychologically is going on for
these characters. What led her to do the
thing that she said she thought about
doing as a girl? And why is this Robert
Pattinson character freaking out about
it 15 years later? She seems fine now or
is she fine? So, there's a way in which
the film is kind of playing games with
us but there's a way in which the film
also doesn't know what it's dealing with
in having cast
to start with this black woman as the
star of this movie. I've just been
thinking about like what it means that
this is happening right now. So, I guess
today is Jenna Wortham. She covers
lifestyle and culture for the Times and
part of that coverage is her writing
about and thinking about dating. She has
seen The Drama. She's got some
observations about what might be going
on with us right now.
Jenna Wortham. Hi. Welcome to
Cannonball. Thanks for having me. Okay,
you're here today cuz I would love to
talk to you about The Drama. You have to
stop thinking about it. I'm just saying,
stop thinking. So, you are thinking
about it How the [__] is that I'm
[music] thinking about it now. How can
you even trust her?
>> And
>> [laughter]
>> interracial relationships going this
going in one particular direction. Mhm.
Um and the reason I want to talk to you
in part is because I think you are a
wonderful lifestyle and culture
reporter.
And some of the work that you do
involves
dating. Mhm. And in doing the dating
work, you are thinking about uh
demographic and racial configurations
that create couples. And I'm just
wondering with all the knowledge that
you have and all the thinking you've
been doing, what happens when you go see
a wedding comedy like The Drama? Like
what is coming? Can you like Can you
reenact for me some version of your
experiences you watch this thing? Yeah,
so okay. I must reveal now the
[clears throat] twist was spoiled for me
before I saw the movie.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay. Yeah, um but I think
>> By the way, we're going to talk about
the twist. That means spoiler spoiler
alert. You've been alerted
that that twist is going to get unfurled
Yes.
>> It has to. It has to. And if you haven't
seen the movie yet, stop here. But I
remember sitting in the theater watching
the movie knowing what the twist was
going to be. We know that Emma, the
character that Zendaya plays, when she
her big secret was that when she was
young, she had planned a mass shooting.
Planned it? Planned it. She thought
about it. She recorded a manifesto and
she was going to shoot up her high
school.
And they were all sitting, you know,
doing wine tastings um before
>> before their rehearsal for their wedding
dinner. For their wedding dinner. For
the reception.
>> Like drinking that skinned contact wine.
Right. And they And so they, being um
her fiancé, Emma's fiancé Charlie played
by Robert Pattinson, and two of their
friends, Mike and Rachel, which you
don't usually see that at like a tasting
for, you know, your wedding.
>> [laughter]
>> Brought their friends.
>> just a couple, but they're brought They
brought their friends along.
They're drinking natural wine. They're
getting drunk.
>> say Mike and Rachel are Rachel are also
They're dating interracially, too. Yes,
they're dating interracially as well.
All right. So, before we got married, we
did this thing where we said the worst
thing we've ever done.
I'll tell mine if we all do it. Promise?
What did you do? Black man, white woman.
Totally. Everyone shares the worst thing
that they've ever done, but Emma shares
the worst thing that she ever thought
about doing.
Okay, I um
Are you serious?
Um I'm I'm so- I'm sorry. I I'm going to
order manure. Emma, what the [__] So,
knowing the twist, watching it all play
out, my first thought was, okay, they
are really angry that she thought of
this idea. And I understand, mass
shootings are very sensitive topic. The
United States in particular, you know,
it's not that hard to find someone who's
been affected by a mass shooting in some
way. So, it's touchy. However, Rachel
and Charlie in particular, they're very
angry. And even though this movie does
not
at any point of the film point out, you
know, the racial differences between
everyone at the table, that's where my
mind went first. Like, oh, they're
really mad at the black girl for
thinking about doing something and
they're not at all aware of the fact
that she's the only person at the table
who didn't actually do her worst thing.
Right. And you know, one of the things
that's supposed to sort of give the give
this moment some moral stakes is that
Rachel's like
my cousin
and you know this, Emma, my cousin
was injured, paralyzed in a mass
shooting. Conve- you know, a plot
convenience. Yeah. Let's just say Rachel
is especially sensitive about the
subject of mass shootings because her
cousin was injured.
Let's sober up the next day.
And just talk about
Let's just talk about it some more. It
really emphasized the fact that Rachel
was never Emma's friend. But this is
raising the other question about like
what we're really here to talk about in
terms of what happens when you have a
black person
in in a movie in which their blackness
is really not a function of the plot.
Yeah. And yet, you know,
the audience understands what the
dynamics here are. A portion of the
audience does.
>> Right. And so, you know, you start
asking new questions. For instance,
where are her cousins during this
wedding? Where are her black friends? Is
there Are there Are there any other
friends?
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> Because it's just it's just not even
trying. Like she has no She loses her I
mean
her function is kind of classically
early 2000s here or like late '90s. She
is the girl of Robert Pattinson's
character's dreams, right?
>> Well, I referred to her as the black
manic pixie dream girl, which we don't
There's not that many black manic pixie
dream girls.
>> at all.
>> can clock it when she like comes to the
surface. I'm like, okay, like you're
here as just sort of like a tool to like
help Exactly. [snorts]
>> for whatever he's going through. So, the
thing the movie does this very specific
thing and this is this is where I think
we want to live for a second in terms of
how we think about what race, you know,
in an interracial relationship comes
into play. Mhm. And it's the flashbacks.
A lot of this movie
is spent watching a young Emma
essentially like live her high school
life during this period um where she's
thinking about planning the shooting.
Right. Like, not so much what leads her
to do it, but the environment in which
she had considered doing it. She'd moved
from one city to another. I believe they
were living in Louisiana when she
planned the She was giving army brat.
That's what I kind of got from that.
>> [clears throat]
>> There's a whole psychological
I don't know what to call it a subtext.
It's the text that
>> Yeah. that explains some aspect of why
she went where she went. When we're in
flashback land, what are you thinking?
I'm thinking I want to see more. I
having that context was great. I think
what we saw in the flashback, one is not
what Emma explains to her partner.
>> I think there's something else going on
here, too.
>> I thought it was interesting how the
approach the movie took by showing us,
you know, how deep it was, how deeply
impacted young Emma was by her high
school experience, by her peers, but
with Charlie, he's like, "So, someone
called you musty and you wanted to shoot
up the school?" Like, he couldn't
understand it. And I thought, "Okay,
well, why isn't, you know, present day
Emma or adult Emma explaining to him
like, 'No, it's more layered than this.
I was a black girl, presumably the only
black girl in the school or one of.' I
mean, there were other black kids there.
But I was being targeted and I was a
newbie. I was like a weirdo. I was a
loner. I was the outsider. Whatever the
case may be." She doesn't go that far.
And then on one hand, I was thinking,
"Okay, she doesn't have to justify it.
She doesn't try to find an excuse. She
owns the fact that she had this thought.
She takes the blame for it and she tells
him that." But he was seeking more. And
I thought, "Okay, we're spending so much
time on young Emma. I also wanted to
understand how adult Emma was processing
all of this." We really just stay with
Charlie throughout the movie and his
spiral. It's interesting how in the
flashbacks, I don't know if you had this
experience, but I was wondering where
her parents are. Yeah. We don't see
them.
They're conveniently disappeared.
And to me, knowing that
this person has a white parent and a
black parent, Emma, it makes me wonder
what the movie is afraid of. Yeah, I
agree. I felt like I was There were
moments where I'm like, "Oh, no, maybe
it's just it's not trying to over
explain. It wants us to like make all of
those connections." And I'm thinking,
"Okay, am I giving this movie too much
credit?" There I was even thinking at
the
the wedding reception when her dad gives
the toast. Yes.
>> I thought that even if her dad was able
to like
say something along the lines of, you
know, "It wasn't easy for young Emma to
have been, you know, this black kid" or
the way we were moving her around. Like,
he talks about, you know, her weird
drawings and like how she was, you know,
angry kid. And then she turned to like,
you know, become a
a gun
>> gun rights activist.
>> gun control activist.
>> Right, right. I thought, "Okay, this is
strange that we're meeting her parents
for the first time and no one is
bringing this up."
>> Her mother is a her white mother is a
back of the head back of the head. back
of the head. We barely see a picture.
>> don't see her. Yeah. And so,
that's where I was and still am stuck
on. I know we're like like you said, as
the audience, as a member of the
audience, I watch it and my mind is
thinking about the race. I'm also
looking at the interracial
relationship dynamic between Mike and
Rachel cuz there's that, but he he could
have also been a character that could
have pointed out because he wasn't as
angry at Emma and He said he was like
trying to
de-escalate the situation.
>> to de-es cuz he's like, "You guys are
doing too much." And in my mind, I'm
sitting up I'm sitting in my seat and
I'm like, "Of course he's saying that
because he's the black man who
understands and he's not going to see
Emma as this criminal because he
understands she didn't see it, but the
two white characters at the table can't
help themselves. They're like, 'No, You
were hiding some dark [__] from us this
whole time.'
>> be worse because how could you be this
person? But the relationship between
Mike and Rachel's interesting to me in
part because
and this is why I kind of wonder what
the movie knows and what it doesn't
know.
>> Mhm. There's a moment where Charlie goes
to talk to them to try to like patch
things up. They're both there. I don't
know why Mike's at work. Maybe they
maybe Mike works in the same office as
Rachel.
Sitting in an in a in an office at a
Rachel's job and at some point, Rachel
says to Charlie like somewhat
condescendingly, "You know,
Mike has violence in his past. He
doesn't He wouldn't like this."
>> Yeah. And he's like,
"I do?
I have violence in my past? You must
have grown up around guns."
>> Yeah. And he's like, "I didn't grow up
around guns. There was a gun in my
house." Something to the effect of that.
This thing that you have manufactured
about me.
>> Mhm. And he the movie just won't indulge
the real crises here, right?
>> Stays on the surface.
>> Right. It's all there for us to deal
with
>> [laughter]
>> on our car rides or walks home from the
theater.
Um, and so, I don't know. There's
something to me
unsettled
in this movie's
depiction of these relationships and
it's it it's afraid to be about the
thing
>> Yeah. that it's actually about. The
worst thing the movie's much more
comfortable being afraid of the
possibility that this character might
have committed a violent act while also
being a black woman than it is about
talking about allowing her to speak
about, "What is this really about?"
>> Yeah. And every time like the more the
movie tries to sit on this this racial
question, something winds up splurting
out anyway.
>> Right, [laughter] right. It tries to
avoid the racial question.
>> Right. It avoids it, but it winds up
re-racializing the whole thing anyway.
>> Yeah.
>> Because what's familiar to me is
what happens when people avoid talking
about this [__] at all. They wind up
making all kinds of other mistakes. Like
the I mean, they don't even think
they're mistakes. Like Rachel probably
is going to double down when they get
home about having said what she said
about how Mike grew up around violence.
>> Yeah. And
>> And you don't think that's the point?
>> [sighs]
>> Cuz like Well, actually, Gina, I don't
care if that's the point.
>> Okay.
>> The the movie isn't going nearly as deep
as it needs to to to to take ownership
of these questions.
>> Yeah. Like, these are our questions.
Yeah.
>> the movie isn't interested in this as a
sub as a subject. It's interested in
perhaps offering it as a
a side effect.
>> And leaving us to deal with it.
>> Right. Leaving us to figure it out.
Right.
>> Yeah. A little bit like Emma.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah. But I think this anxiety exists
recently to me in a lot of works of
popular culture, especially like movies
and television, about
relationships between black women Mhm.
and white men. Yeah. You came prepared
to talk about a specific
television show that I've never watched.
Yep.
>> Right. This show I mean, I've watched
some of Bridgerton.
>> I wish to be entertained. You find
yourselves seated beside each other. I
would like to think you have bigger
problems. It would be better if you
refrained from thinking about me at all.
I'm aware of your reputation. But I
don't know where you're going with this.
Um, but you want to talk about
Bridgerton and Queen Charlotte Yeah. who
is a meme to me. She's a great meme.
Yeah. Uh, but this this character has a
has a rich television life. Talk to me.
So, you know, I mean, I don't know if
you know this, but Bridgerton has now
expanded into a whole universe.
As as as is Shonda Rhimes' one. This is
a Shonda Rhimes show.
>> Yeah. So, this is a Shonda Rhimes show.
So, in Shonda Rhimes fashion, there is a
separate series called Queen Charlotte,
which serves as a prequel Okay.
>> to Bridgerton. So, that means
So, that meme you're familiar with, she
has her She has an entire series that
goes into how Queen Charlotte became the
queen.
You have King George.
George.
Uh, he is the mad king. If you've seen
Hamilton, it's the same man who is
depicted as King George III.
>> lots of King Georges over the years.
He's lost his mind.
>> Yes.
>> But still trying to run things. And so,
in Queen Charlotte, the way that he's
depicted in the series, it it's very
dark and it's really sad. And he cannot
I mean, his mother cannot find a wife
for him. They're trying to find the
queen so that they can produce an heir.
Turn the carriage around. I am not doing
this.
>> I signed the betrothal contract. You are
doing this. Charlotte.
I am in charge. Queen Charlotte is
plucked out of Germany to be the queen.
This has happened. I do not see why you
could not just
>> Because
they are the British Empire.
And we are a tiny province in Germany.
We had no choice. And this is
interesting. Bridgerton does not like
the series Bridgerton doesn't really go
into race that much. Sort of a color
blind
>> the thing that it's lauded for is the
the the range of of people on this show
>> racially, ethnically, um,
uh, body types,
>> body types, you know, abilities.
>> Exactly. All of the above. But in Queen
Charlotte, they do touch on race a
little bit. Mhm. I know [music] that no
one who looks like you or me has ever
married one of these people, ever. But I
cannot question because I cannot make an
enemy [music] of the most powerful
nation on Earth. It is done.
>> But what's interesting is that everyone
in the palace except Queen Charlotte
knows that King George is mad.
What? They do not tell her that he is
suffering from a mental illness. And he
himself is carrying so much shame about
the fact that he has this, you know, I
don't want to call it an issue, but he
has this thing about him. He's
struggling that when after they get
married, he is so avoidant. And she
doesn't know what is going on. She's
like, "Why won't you have dinner with
me? Why won't you sit with me?" And so
in this scene that like I'm describing
Queen Charlotte confronts um the King's
mother, and she calls her out for it.
Like, "Why didn't you tell me that I was
marrying this mad king?" Like, she's
angry.
>> All this time I thought I was the
damaged one. That somehow I was
deficient. But he, the king, is not mad.
The king is merely exhausted from
holding the greatest nation in the world
on his shoulders.
And I remember watching that and
thinking like, this queen is black. The
the the the the series is making it very
clear that she's black because
>> They've already racialized it because
they had to justify having this woman be
queen in the first place.
>> Right. And watching this scene, I was
thinking like, oh my god, like how they
they deceived this black woman.
And I can't help but think that they she
wouldn't have done that to all the other
women that she have brought forth, you
know, to marry him.
>> Mhm.
But they deceived her. Mhm. I
I'm hearing this and I'm I just wonder
because you know, on the one hand
this just sounds like, as television,
good drama. Yeah. But
I think once the show decides that it's
going to explicitly acknowledge
>> Yep. that a that a person who appears
black is indeed black in the world of
the show.
>> And that the man she's been married to
is appears white and indeed is white.
>> Mhm.
Stuff comes up. Right. Also, it just
doesn't seem like the show is equipped
to handle that.
>> to deal with what comes up.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. So, you're offering
Bridgerton and the thing I'm thinking
about is Presumed Innocent.
I did not kill her.
Yes.
>> know if you watched this show. It was on
Apple TV where there's a lawyer, Rusty
Sabich, played by Jake Gyllenhaal in the
TV series.
He's married to got, you know, a wife
and two kids on the show. But he's
sleeping with a coworker.
Coworker winds up dead.
Who killed her? Right.
>> The show wants to find out. Mhm.
Jake Gyllenhaal's character, Rusty, is
married to a black woman
who's played by Ruth Negga on the show.
Love her. Love Ruth Negga. Yeah. They
have two kids, a boy and a girl. Mhm.
Girl's played by Chase Infinite.
And
the thing that's interesting about the
show is it really does not want to talk
about the thing that it's about, but the
instability here is that you in theory
have a loving family. Yeah. This is a
successful career man. You know, I will
yada yada yada you to the last episode.
>> Okay.
>> [clears throat]
>> We find out who did it.
You can probably guess who did. You want
to guess?
>> [laughter]
[gasps]
>> Um
>> You've got I've laid all the characters
out who could have done it on the board.
Okay, I feel like this is one of those
twisty type of shows. So, was it the
the daughter? Ding.
>> Okay, yeah.
>> Oh, Gina.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're great at
playing this game.
I thought you were going to be convicted
after your testimony. Cuz you didn't
name that many people.
>> [laughter]
>> And I'm like, well, I feel like it'd be
too easy for it to be the wife. So. So,
the murderer here is the daughter. Okay.
Interesting.
>> killed this white woman. Mhm.
Has a whole speech about why she did it.
Mhm.
I drove there
in Mom's car.
We are watching
historical circumstances play out here.
>> Yeah. Um
that the show
does not want to speak of at all. So,
you're left with what I would describe
as like
cosmetic blackness
>> Mhm. where nobody can say the thing that
they are, like the the feeling that
comes up in them.
>> Mhm.
Just went there to confront her and
Hey.
No.
And the idea that Ruth Negga I think
Ruth Negga is acting she's performing
>> Okay. like aggrieved black womanhood
but she cannot speak it. She can't speak
it.
>> use the lines she has Okay.
>> to create spaces for us to read between
her lines.
But the show is terrified of being about
bringing more of the sub subtext Right.
>> closer to at least the subtext.
>> Right. Um but there's an anxiety here.
The anxiety to me is that like these
relationships
cannot happen
almost period without strife or drama.
And I find that to be really interesting
cuz I want to bring some like real life
statistics and
>> Oh, you've got data? Let's talk about
some statistics, please.
>> So, there was this 2008 studies. You
know, it was a long time ago and numbers
change, but at the time the National
Council on Family Relations showed that
white husband and black wife
relationships, non-Hispanic black black
wife relationships were around 44% less
likely to divorce than white on white
couples by the 10th year Wow.
>> of marriage. Yeah, I thought that was
really interesting because we know that
interracial relationships are on the
rise. We also know that despite that
majority of black people tend to marry
within the same race. Like, that's
unchanged. But
it was the black husband white wife
marriages that were twice as likely to
divorce as white on white couples in the
same study. And I know we're not talking
about black husband white wife, but I
think the thing that I the reason why I
bring it up is because, like you said
these dynamics with white men and black
women are filled with all this drama and
strife and it sucks. These relationships
feel so toxic. And I think Zendaya as an
actress in particular has been in like a
few other
>> It's all she does. Yeah, like
>> Spider-Man is our happiest relationship.
>> Yeah, cuz Challengers [laughter] was
that was a crazy love triangle. Like,
yeah. And so yeah.
>> Right. But in real life, it it seems as
though these relationships do pretty
well. I love
I first of all, thank you for bringing
that.
>> Okay. Second, it's telling to me that
you were seeing fewer depictions of
black men and white women when for years
that was all you would really see.
>> Right. And that
those numbers include a higher divorce
rate to white couples, right? I think
that popular culture has divorced itself
from the depiction of that relationship,
right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. And you can point just to
Get Out.
Said I was the first black guy you ever
dated.
>> Yeah, so what?
>> Yeah, so is this uncharted territory for
you? You know, I don't want to get
chased off the lawn with a shotgun.
You're not going to. First of all, my
dad would have voted for Obama a third
time if he could have. I mean, I
definitely think that the the thing that
Get Out put its finger on
kind of began the demise of the
depiction of that configuration of
interracial relationship and the rise of
this configuration, this other
configuration. Right, right.
>> Right? I just think it's interesting
that you've seen less of this one kind
of depiction and more of black women and
white men. I think
what's telling to me is these these
works were happening alongside
I mean, the most prominent example we've
ever had in this country of a black
woman in a relationship with a white
man. I mean, those two people being
Kamala Harris and Doug Emhoff.
Interesting. Okay.
>> I think there was a lot of anxiety that
we weren't talking about then Yeah.
>> about that relationship. And I think
that you know, we
some of us were talking about this, but
there is just there's a way in which we
weren't talking about it, right? In the
same way that
these movies won't talk about it. Not
white people.
Like, we're talking about it in the
group chat. We're talking about it
amongst our like trusted friends, but
like the discourse is not spread through
>> is not about that, right?
>> Yeah, yeah, the work. And on the one
hand, I'm like
okay, Wesley,
you need to chill out. Okay.
This is this is this not the thing that
our ancestors have been hoping would
happen when these relationships come
into being?
>> That crossed my mind, too. They don't
They want to make the I feel like a lot
of these works are making the point that
like it these people can just exist as
people. It doesn't have to be about
race.
And yet show me one that's made it to
the finish line of until death do us
part Yeah. without somebody murdering
the other person.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
I just feel like if we could if if what
we were being offered are stable
interracial relationships where, you
know, basic problems happen, you know,
like boredom, disappointment,
disillusionment, not shock, paranoia,
angst, and and and regret.
>> Right, right.
>> Right? Like, I don't know. It just feels
to me like there's something
fundamentally
scary
about this bond.
>> Yeah, okay.
>> Um well, just like the depic in the
depictions of it. Like, this work is
unsettled by it. So, I don't know. I
just feel like there there's something
there's something in here, and it began
to proliferate these relationships to me
like in these like big clusters in 20
24, 25, 26. Yeah. Um
>> think this could have like a negative
effect to how these relationships come
about and how in real life
No, because nobody it's not like get out
get out really created an entire
framework for looking at that love right
and identifying something crucial not
just in interracial like romantic
relationships but just in interracial
like social life
like how we talk how white people talk
to us
>> [laughter]
>> what we assume the subtext of some of
the attraction is there in that
relationship
>> have voted for Barack Obama a third time
if I could yeah or like you know
you know can you dance for me I love
you're so talented I wish I wish I could
do what you do yep
Okay, so it's game time we're going to
play a little exercise we'll call in
here
end of the road sorry
>> [laughter]
>> let me do that a different way
to the end of the road
still I can't all right I was going to
give you a beat
>> [laughter]
>> I needed more than I needed a beat on my
butt
all right so put your headphones on
and basically this game is going to work
like this we are going to get shown some
clips from a television show or a movie
and we're going to guess based on the
clip or like hopefully our knowledge of
you know what it seems like might be
happening in this movie or a memory of
the thing itself
whether this couple
makes it okay to the end of the road
okay fun so we're guessing to see if
they end up staying together living
happily ever after or breaking up
essentially well put does this couple
stay together
let's see we do they break up
or do they stay together okay let's go
let's see our first relationship can I
ask you one more question mm I already
know what this one is
Simon Baker
remember him he was a thing yeah I
remember him
as Sanaa Lathan this is something new
something new
it's not a wig right but
it's not so real hair either is it
oh yeah this is the scene about her
weave
I can't believe you just asked me that
I'm sorry just curious it's a weave if
you must know
I thought you dated black girls
>> they had real hair
>> I have real hair too
>> underneath yes underneath
>> so what they just they sew it in
something like that
I mean all right so I'm my memory you
know I hated this movie when it came out
the plot is basically she's worried she
can't find a good man had a good man did
her dirty
single meets this white man who you know
you know Blair Underwood or Simon Baker
I don't know what I would do right
>> but Blair Underwood makes himself
unavailable if memory is serving me so
it's Simon Baker
>> unavailable is there anything terrible
yes he's just a hot he's like very
judgmental controlling but her family
loves him they look good on paper right
you know who else looks good on paper
Simon Baker and in bed Simon Baker not
[laughter] not wrong not wrong let's see
I'm going to say
wait I can't
I'm going to say based on my contempt of
this movie that they break up okay I'm
also going to say that they break up but
for a different reason
>> what's your reason I just feel like she
was trying something new but I don't
think she was actually like fully into
it I think that she wanted to explore
more the fact that this man was really
like enraptured by her and her naturally
like he's like take off
>> are reminding me of what I did not like
about this movie
>> take off the wig the he's like take off
the wig
yeah I want to see you fully naked yeah
I feel like after a while that's going
to get really really annoying for her
>> bye Simon
>> [laughter]
>> okay are we right did did they actually
break up
or they stayed together does she
how do we know this
>> [laughter]
>> I mean we're trusted like we got a great
production staff here they're not going
to lie to us I also feel like the movie
was propaganda it was total propaganda
>> sense that they stayed together because
then it can't sell it the national
[laughter] interracial dating relations
council insisted that this couple must
stay together lobbied for and paid for
by the international relations
interracial dating commission next clip
last night Godzilla flooded is this
Kimmy Schmidt it is that's Titus
>> [groaning]
>> oh man yesterday was crazy for me too we
got a shipment of rebar in but it was
the five foot instead of the 10 foot so
I called the supplier and they offered
to give us a discount but I was oh I
miss this show so much this is great uh
wow I can't believe that story ended
like that
>> [laughter]
>> he looks really increasingly grossed out
by this man's masculinity
and his single-minded focus on
construction work then some guy
overhears me and he's like you trying to
get rid of 10 foot rebar and I'm like no
>> [music]
>> I need 10 foot rebar I'm trying to get
rid of five foot rebar I mean listen
are we voting we're going to vote and
I'm it's quite obvious these people are
not going to make it I vote they stay
together what I don't I think I remember
what happens here oh wait this is like
the last season of that show
>> yeah and I think they stay together and
I feel like it's just he he makes it
work they make it work
>> yeah they stay together all right
what happens Janelle and Felice do they
stay together
yay they stay together
>> together all right I like them together
yeah I remember I remember I loved that
relationship because you know talk about
I mean I don't want to call that
propaganda but I think it really is I
love a I love a mixed
demeanor relationship you know I love
and that makes it feel more real and
it's like your New York couple where
you're wondering how did you two get
together
>> but it works and I love that yeah
all right next
I never even know if we're friends if
we're flirting or if she hates my guts
>> [laughter]
>> you're sweaty
forehead
is this Summer House he is on probation
and I am the strictest probation officer
there ever was but
when the sun goes down
like I'm allowed to clock out what is
this
okay we're both stuck
>> wait what is this is obviously not
working first of all I can just I'll
cast my vote I'll vote first and find
out later as as someone who's never I
don't know who any of those people are
[laughter] I'm just going to say break
they're breaking up it's reality
television
>> looked really intense I don't know what
what first of all
Janelle what show is that Summer House
Summer House I was right okay so they're
clearly not they break up they break up
okay
>> [laughter]
>> not staying together I mean reality
television is where interracial love
goes to die I mean you do have some
anomalies but
I mean they're real aberrations right I
mean because it feels like the producers
want that they want something bad talk
about the drama they want something bad
to happen between and among the races
you kind of need it too right all right
Janelle we're tied okay so this is to
find out who [snorts] between us
is better at interracial doom me or you
is there a prize at the end of this I
hope not [laughter] hopefully I get to
keep my interracial relationship
that should be the prize but I keep my
man
hey smartphone
fancy seeing you here uh
throwback oh hello another Zendaya
>> what's his name
uh Humphrey I love her so much
yeah she's great so what are you reading
oh no let me guess um
the cool guy's guide to wearing
sunglasses inside uh-huh it's close
To Kill a Mockingbird that's uh
it's actually my favorite book what even
is this do you know I have no idea but I
think I know my guess and I'm going to
vote that they break up what they're I'm
staying together they're staying
together
>> together he is giving like he's not
giving the love of her life he's giving
a he's her he's a lesson
>> about this is clearly from like 2015
maybe 2018 and he's like this is a bad
boy with
a leather jacket that my dog runs to and
she's giving Alicia Silverstone in
Clueless so I feel like I don't know
I'm going to say they stay together
first of all Janelle what is this
and what who wins this is from the
Disney Channel original
>> [laughter]
>> Zapped
and they stay together they stay
together okay
yes
>> to keep your interracial relationship
congratulations sorry that was
>> [laughter]
>> mistakes for that I
was going to lose my man okay well I get
to keep my love and
I won a game Janelle I didn't invite you
here to to beat you so I just want to
say
thanks for coming thanks for having me
this was fun
please let me know we got to the end we
got to the end we made it but we got a
lot of healing to do we [laughter] got
to fix these loves
>> I just want yeah I need them I need
there to be the movie that like fixes
this for us I just just point to it I
mean she is black he is white
case closed just make that clear there's
no drama there's no drama it's fine just
like let's make it to Tuesday